Introduction
Hey everyone, how's it going? My name is
Hen Rasheed, Microsoft MVP and MCT and
founder of Power Academy. And in today's
video, we are going to be going over the
modern way to develop Power Platform
solutions because I really do think that
the old way of doing things before 2026
is well and truly dead. Microsoft have
been investing a lot to make our lives
easier as Power Platform architects,
solution architects, developers or
consultants. And there is a range of
tools available that you can utilize to
make building solutions much easier,
faster, and more effective for the
client that you're serving. Now, the
reason I feel like a video like this is
super necessary now more than ever is
because I feel like we have so much
tooling available to us, but we don't
know how to kind of mix and match the
tooling to make sure we are actually
building uh quality solutions in a
faster manner. People are confused about
the right way to develop power platform
solutions now. And I feel like a lot of
people are kind of going through the
maker portal and feeling like there's an
easier way to do something, but they're
doing it the long way instead because
they just don't have the knowledge or
the tools or the capability to build out
these solutions with the help of AI.
Now, this video is going to be geared
towards claude code because it's my
personal favorite coding assistant. But
there are a lot of organizations which
would prefer if you use something that
is more tied to Microsoft like GitHub
Copilot. Now, I've already made a video
on GitHub Copilot that you can see in
the channel to kind of get set up with
these Power Platform skills and also
connect it to your environment. But I do
want to say that the skills are
transitionable. So, if you want to move
over to something like GitHub Copilot
after watching this video, it is very
easy to do. So, it's just learning
Power Platform Skills Overview
another interface. But in terms of the
tools that kind of gear and fuel these
AI coding assistants that we're going to
be using, those are all the same. So,
without further ado, let's get started
with the tutorial. I'm super excited to
show you my process of building
solutions with AI and getting to proof
of concepts and iterating on those proof
of concepts much easier. Okay, so the
first thing we're going to cover
regardless of the AI coding assistant
that you're using is the tools that you
need to install and the plugins you need
to install to make sure your AI coding
assistant understands the power platform
and can connect to your environment. Now
you can see we are in the power platform
skills GitHub repository here and I will
leave the link in the description so you
can go and see this yourself. And if we
scroll down, you can see that there are
numerous Power Platform skills. Firstly,
the installation guide, which is super
useful. We'll get into some of this, not
all of it, but if you are struggling
with installation, this is a great way
to kind of go through it and make sure
you've got all of the prerequisites
installed. And if you scroll down here,
you can see all of the available plugins
made available by Microsoft themselves
to connect your AI coding assistant to
the Power Platform. We've made videos on
numerous of these, from code apps to
Canvas apps to Power Automate, model
apps, and Power Pages as well. And this
video kind of brings all of those
together. Each of these different
plugins will have their own skills
associated to them. So for example, if I
open Power Automate and I scroll down
here, you can see that there are
numerous skills. I think there's nine
for Power Automate in particular to help
you build Power Automate solutions with
natural language and connect it to the
Power Platform environment that you are
connected to. We've got things like
setup, which is a first-time
prerequisite setup. We've got browse
flows which allows you to browse
environments and flows interactively
with the terminal. We've got guided flow
creation with create flow and building
flows autonomously with buildflow. You
can see further details about this
plug-in through scrolling down. You can
see the MCP server that it utilizes as
well. And this is the same pattern for
all of these plugins. For example, the
same goes for model apps which is going
to be another plug-in that we are going
to go through in this video. And if we
scroll down here, we can see there's two
skills available here. one for
generative page which allows us to
generate generative pages and then the
other one for app builder which allows
you to build tables, relationships,
views, columns, etc. and add that all
into a solution. Something else I also
want to show you and this one goes under
the radar a little bit but it's these
Microsoft Power Cat skills and this will
also be available in the description.
Whereas the Power Platform skills I like
to think of the core so I always
recommend installing this nevertheless
because this is going to be the main one
that you use. The Power Cat skills are
basically uh almost an addition to those
skills, a complement if you would. This
is developed by the Microsoft Power Cat
team and is constantly being added to as
well. And if you scroll down here, you
can see there's different skills
available like Power Cat adoption which
generates a polished five slide HTML
customer story deck, Power Cat Canvas
apps which allows you to analyze the
canvas performance. even niche topics
like going from info path to canvas
which is something that we used to do a
lot of but now we're not seeing so much
because info path is long and truly dead
I would say and you can see they've also
got elements of data versse governance
etc all available to you that you can
utilize all within your coding assistant
Installing plugins in Claude Code
now the reason I show you this is
because it's a a nice way to kind of
frame the way Microsoft is investing in
these skills you can see the power
platform skills as the core and then the
power cat skills almost as a layer on
top of that to assist on those solutions
ions as well. If you aren't familiar
with the power cat skills, I highly
recommend giving them an install and a
play as well because they can help you
in those niche scenarios. Okay, so you
now have a good idea of the skills
available to you kind of their power
within the power platform. Now, how do
we install them within Claude code? So,
as you can see, I am now in Claude for
desktop and I've selected Claude code
within that. If you don't have Claude
for desktop installed, I highly
recommend it as it's a really good way
to utilize Claude and is being invested
in constantly. What I'm now going to do,
and I always recommend this for a
specific project, is adding a new folder
so you can work within that project and
have those prerequisites set up within
that folder. So, what I'm going to do is
add a folder here. I'm going to go to
new folder. And then what I'm going to
do is call this board game management.
I'm going to press enter and then I'm
going to select folder. What I've now
done is selected my folder. So, you can
see it over here. And before we do any
development, what I'd like you to do is
install the plugins. So, the way to do
that is we open up the sideboard, we go
into customize, we go into plugins here,
and then we go into add, and then we add
a marketplace if you haven't installed
this at all. When you click add a
marketplace, it's going to ask you to
either browse anthropic sources or add
from a repo. We're going to add from a
repository here, and it's going to ask
us to take the repo URL. Now, what you
want to do is navigate back into the
Power Platform Skills plug-in area.
We're going to click on this, and over
here will be the link into the
marketplace. We can see the repo name is
Microsoft/P Powerplatform Skills. And
then what we want to do is just copy
this. And then we want to paste it in
here. And then since I already have this
added, it's not going to do much for me.
But then we want to sync. And then this
will allow us to add the plugins. Once
we've synced this, we should now have
the ability to add these as plugins. So
now what we're going to do is go to add
upload plugin. And then what we want to
do after we've added the marketplace is
go to browse. Then we want to go to
code. And then from here we want to
select power platform skills. And then
we can add all of the plugins that we
need. You can see in my case we have
model apps, canvas apps, power automate,
and power pages all available to me. So
we want to add all the ones that we
need. And then we can click out of this.
Okay. So now we can initialize with the
first prompt. And I always recommend
getting the prerequisites set up as
illustrated within the power platform
skills area. This will make sure you
have the pack CLI already installed. You
can see here already installs it
automatically with the prere. So do make
sure you go through these before
following any additional steps. What
we're going to do for our case is we're
going to switch this from fable to opus.
We're going to move the effort to high
and then we are going to move this into
bypass permissions. The first prompt
that we're going to run is what
environment are you connected to and can
you please
connect to the YouTube development
environment under the email.
And this is always the first prompt that
we want to make within a new project to
make sure that we are going to be
building in the correct environment.
While this is kind of loading, I'm going
to bring up the Power Platform
interface. And you can see we are
currently in here. And what I always
like to do is start by building a
solution. Now it is true that you can
build the solution from the AI
interface. That's completely fine. But I
always like to have control over
elements which you can't go back on. So
things like solutions, adding the
publisher in the right way. Uh I like to
do this all myself and then connect my
AI agent into the solution. So in this
case, we're going to go new solution.
We're going to call this board game
management.
We're going to make the publisher power
academy and then we are going to create.
You can see it's now connected into the
YouTube developer environment and if it
hadn't then it would tell us otherwise
and it would guide us to connecting into
the right environment and installing the
correct prerequisites to do so. You can
see I'm now connected so I'm happy with
that. But it's also asking me if I want
to set up the data versse MCP server for
the environment. I've asked it to. It is
now doing it since it wasn't registered
and it's installing any prerequisites
that it needs to run the MCP server so
we can connect to our data versse
environment as well as build the
solution within it. I always recommend
connecting to the data versse MCP
because it gives you some capabilities
which aren't currently available within
the skills. A lot of the skills do still
utilize a data versse MCP as it is, but
some of them do not. You can see it's
prompting me saying it's a sign up
dialogue. Will it pop up on my desktop
and I should complete it? So, we'll just
wait for this to resolve and then we can
get started with our first prompt. You
can see now after a bit of a long-
winded back and forth, we've got the
data versse MCP connected and I do need
to restart claw to get this working. So,
what I'm going to do is give this a
restart and then now I should be all
good to go. It's ran into some issues
which is completely fine and we're just
going to get started with the prompt.
Okay, so the first thing we want to do
is point this chat and what we're
building into the solution. So the first
thing we're going to do is say because
we've called this board game management
here, we're going to say please ensure
that everything you build from this
point forward
is done in the
board game management solution
using the Power Academy
publisher.
And what this is doing is basically
making sure that everything is being
built in a contained space. So then we
can review it and we can see all of the
assets that we've built with AI. We're
going to get confirmation from Claude in
this case. And then after that start
building our app. You can see it's
validated that everything already exists
and there's nothing to create. Confirms
the MCP is working end to end because if
we see the tools that it's used, we can
see it's using the MCP tools and we can
see even further how it's querying our
environment. It's also recording this so
all future work gets targeted by
default. It's doing that using the
clawed markdown file. And what a clawed
markdown file is is for every prompt
that goes through this particular
project, it would basically give it
these particular rules. So do make sure
Building the model-driven app
that you are making updates to the
claude markdown file to influence these
rules for your particular project. Okay.
So the first skill we are going to use
is the app builder skill. And the way
that we can trigger our skills is with a
forward slash and then we type the name
and add a dash. So we're going to select
it here. And you can see it now allows
us to put the context of that particular
skill. Now I've got a preconfigured
prompt which I've put here saying that I
want an app to run our board game
nights. I need to track players, our
board game library, scheduled game
nights, who has RSVPd each night, and
the results of every game we play, which
game it was, which night it was played
on, and who won. Players have a name and
email. Board games have a name, minimum,
maximum players, average duration in
minutes, call the app game night HQ,
give us sensible forms and views for
managing all of this. And then with
this, we can just press enter. And now
it's going to go ahead and build the
structure of our model driven app for
this particular solution. So this has
all been ingested through some context
and it's now going to resolve on our
data versse environment and build using
the solution. Now, something I'd love to
show you is within these particular
skills, it's also calling my skills that
I've personally created. So, in this
case, Power Platform best practice to
basically understand the best practice
that I've created and utilize that
within my build. You can see if we
scroll down and see its reasoning, what
it's done. It's understood that there's
no existing tables, no app name
collision, and the solution question is
already settled. It's now going through
the configured skills responses. And in
terms of this model app skill, the first
thing that it will do is it will
understand the personas and jobs to be
done. So it can map your tables and
security roles as needed. It's asking
who will use the game night HQ and does
my read of their jobs cover it. So in
this case, it's asking if we want two
personas for organizer and player. We're
going to say yes and submit. And now
what this will resolve to is building
those security roles and linking them to
the tables as required. Now what Claude
has done nicely is it's confirmed us all
of the tables that it's going to create
with the right prefix as well. due to
the solution player board game night
RSVP and game result the primary columns
the columns the knife icons as well it's
given us all the relationships broken
down so we can understand how this would
all look too and if we open this up it's
asked us a series of more questions of
how this will all work it's also asked
us aligning with the power platform best
practices skills that I've configured in
my environment to use status and status
code and it's asked us which reasons
should deactivate the record so in this
case we're going to say only cancelled
To keep things simple, it's asking us
how a game night should be titled. We're
going to say a text name that you type.
And then it's asking us for the
complexity and fun rating, choice or
whole numbers. We're going to say both
whole numbers. It's also given us some
drawbacks as well, saying that charts
require choice columns, so the app ships
with none. And now, to be honest, when
I'm reading this, I'm just going to go
with label choices instead and submit.
So you can see with the skill because
we're building such a comprehensive
solution, we have an iterative plan that
goes back and forth to make sure
everything that it's doing is right
before it actually starts any work. You
can see that now all the reasoning has
finished. If I scroll through this, it
has given me a whole preview verbatim of
what we're to expect. It's giving me the
data model, the site map, the views and
the charts, how they're going to work,
the forms as well, the generative pages
and how these are going to function with
the different tables, the security
roles, so the organizer and also the
player
and also a design contract with the
accent color being this and everything
else configured here too. Now, I do
envision this changing because it is
very blocky to look at. And this model
app skill in particular is currently
still in preview at this time of
recording, but it's a really nice way to
just get a highle overview of what it's
going to create before it does it. You
can see Claude has now self-generated a
build plan with all of the context so I
get one more layer before it goes off
and completes the build in auto mode.
So, what I'm going to do is accept and
enter auto mode. And then I'm going to
switch this over to bypass permissions
so we can have a fully autonomous state.
So, here's one of the best things about
using Claude and why it's one of my
favorite tools to build solutions within
the Power Platform. And the reason for
that is because we can obviously have
multiple chats that stem within one
separate project. So, what I'm going to
do is just close out of this plan and
I'm going to open up a new chat. So, I'm
going to go to new and we're going to
stay in the board game management
folder. What I can do now here is build
Building a Power Automate flow
a Power Automate flow to complement the
solution while the solution is being
built within another chat. And the way
I'm going to do that is do a /build
flow. And we're going to select the
power automate build flow here. And then
we're going to type the description to
say build me a cloud flow which is
automated. And then we're going to say
when a game night is created in data
versse with the status of scheduled then
I want you to email this email with the
confirmation and the details within the
email and the link back into the record.
Now obviously something we need to keep
in mind and this is just a nice tip
within the flow of work is we need to
make sure the dependencies are created
before we create this cloud flow because
obviously we need the game night table
created within the solution before it
can actually go and build this. So I'm
going to open up the maker studio and
then I'm going to do a refresh like this
and then from this point you can see we
currently don't have the tables created
within the solution. So we're going to
wait for those to get created and then
we can send over that flow of work so
they can be created in conjunction. Now
what we're going to do is reopen Claude
and open up the other chat to see how
that's going. You can see right now it's
telling us it needs input. So we can
click on this. We can see in this case
it's now given us the confirmation that
the data model is complete. It did
struggle to authenticate because the
Azure CLI wasn't authenticated
correctly. But now it seems like we're
in a better place. So now the data model
is complete. What I can do is go into
Power Apps and you can see the three
tables are added into the solution with
the correct prefix. So now this is done.
And I'm going to go back into Claude.
I'm going to open up my new chat again.
And you can see that this has been saved
nicely. Sometimes the uh the skill can
kind of go out of sync. I just like to
make sure it's the blue version to make
sure it gets called correctly. It
usually does figure it out anyway, but I
do like to do it this way uh just to
make sure everything is working in the
way that I want it to. So, always make
sure that it's this nice link so we can
call the skill directly. Then we've got
the prompt to build the flow. And then
we're going to go ahead and set this to
hi. And then we are going to go and send
this. Actually, I'm happy to put this to
medium in the interest of time and then
send that through. So, you can see now I
have two sessions running in conjunction
with each other to work on one solution.
Whereas previously, if I was in the
maker portal, I'd be, you know, clicking
through the model driven app, allocating
the forms, the views, etc., and that
could take me hours of work. Whereas in
this case, I've kind of got two stems
running of the same solution so I can
get to a proof of concept much quicker.
You can see now it has gone and built
the published flow which is game night
scheduled confirmation email. It's wired
in the right table. It's looked at the
correct status code and it's then used
the send an email connection to send me
the email. Now if I come into the
solution and give it a refresh, you can
see it hasn't built it in here even
though it should have since I did
specify it within the claw document. But
in this case it's fine. So we can just
add it since it's a power automate flow.
It doesn't have too much of an impact.
And then we're going to look for game
nights. We're going to add this in. And
you can see this is kind of one of the
flaws with working with AI. Sometimes
it's not going to go the way that you
want it to if you don't specify the
correct areas. So we have now added this
to the solution. We're going to wait for
this to come in. And now it's in here.
We're just going to go and edit this.
Building the Canvas app
And now you can see we've got a very
simple Power Automate flow with a
condition checks the status reason for
the game night table. And then it sends
an email confirmation into my email with
this body. Now, if I come out of this,
now if I come out of this and take a
look at the other chat to see the
progress that it's made. If I just come
out here, go to YouTube development, you
can see it's still going through and
building the different pages that it
needs to build. With this being said, I
am all set to set another flow and build
the canvas app. So, what I will do here
is I'll go to new, make sure I'm working
in the right folder, and what I like to
do just to reference the Power Platform
skills is if I'm looking for a specific
one, I'll go into the GitHub repo. I'll
scroll down and for example I want to
build a canvas app now. So I'm going to
click on canvas app. Scroll down here
and we can see the /canvas app skill is
what we need to create. So what we're
going to do is we're going to come back
into claude. We're going to go to /
canvanvas app. Make sure we have
selected the right skill and then we are
going to give it the prompt to create
the canvas app. We're going to paste
this in. Build a simple phone friendly
canvas app called scorekeeper for login
results at the table. One flow through
the app. Pick tonight's game night. Pick
the board game that we just played. Pick
the winner from the players who RSVPd is
going. Give the game a rating out of
five and add an optional note and save
it as play result in datav. Big buttons
dark theme needs to be usable while
holding a drink. Interesting. Okay, so
you can see this is AI generated in
terms of the prompt. Uh but
nevertheless, we're going to go ahead
and press enter. And now we have a third
stem going in terms of the canvas app
development being built within the
solution. Now, I didn't specify for it
to build in the solution, but it's fine
again because it is just a canvas app
that we can just add into the solution.
What this kind of works the best for
when you want to guide it into a
solution is the model app skill because
it just builds so many components. And
speaking of the devil, we're just going
to go and take a look at that as well
and see how that's been going. You can
see it's struggling to build the
generative page and we're going to see
if it can resolve itself by the end of
this. We're going to move over to the
canvas app because it might ask me some
questions and we're going to wait for
these solutions to work in conjunction.
Now we're looking at the canvas app
chat. You can see that there is a gap
that it's found where there's nowhere to
put the notes. It says power academy
game result has board game, game night,
winner, and fundra, but no note column.
Everything else in your flow maps
exactly. So we're going to say add the
power academy note column before
building the app. You can see here it's
found that we need to upgrade the pack
CLI to create the generative page. So
we're going to get it to do that before
it actually does create the generative
page as it's one of the prerequisites of
the solution. So, it's now upgrading for
us. And this is a really good example of
not having all of the information before
you go and actually build something
because it's very easy to think that you
need everything. You need all of the
resources. You need kind of to know how
to to to set all this up before coming
into it. But the thing is with something
like Claude Code or GitHub Copilot, it
guides you through the process. So, for
example, here it didn't just completely
freeze and tell me, you know, that's it.
We're not building the generative page.
It's explained to me that I need to
upgrade the pack CLI which is a good
benefit for me and it's gone and doing
that autonomously. Something about the
canvas app builder as well is it
requires co-authoring sessions to build
on the apps that already exist. So this
is something I wanted to show you before
going into the maker studio and building
from scratch because it's really
important to understand that there are
some drawbacks to this and this is one
of them in terms of the canvas up. Now
it's a very simple one. All I really
need to do is we're just going to keep
the scorekeeper here. We're just going
to copy the scorekeeper name here. We're
going to go into the maker portal. We're
going to go to new app, canvas app.
We're going to make it a phone app and
then we're going to call this
scorekeeper and then create. And then
all we need to do in this case is set up
co-authoring. Now, it's a bit of a
pre-step, but you can see it introduces
you to some of the prerequisites as you
go on. So, again, it's another really
good example for the fact that you don't
need to know everything before going in
and building solutions with AI. If I
come into the settings here and go into
updates, I believe or is it support? I'm
completely forgetting how to turn on
co-authoring. I think it's updates. And
then we go into co-authoring and turn
this on saying we must save our app. So
let's do that now. So the app is now
saved. We can go into settings. We can
go into updates. We can go into
co-authoring updates. It's going to save
the app again. And then we can go and
talk to Claude and tell it that this has
been done so it can start working on the
canvas app. So, we're just going to say
co-authoring
has been activated.
You can go and build the
app. We're going to send that through.
Then, we're going to open up the Power
App. Make sure everything is set up. So,
we're going to go into settings,
updates, co-authoring. That's on. So,
now it can start working on this
application. We now navigate back to the
Canvas app chat, which says we need to
add all of the data sources before it
can start working on them. So we need
game nights, board games, RSVPs,
players, and game results. So now we're
going to open the canvas app. We're
going to go into data here on the left
hand side. So there still are elements
where the maker portal is necessary, of
course, to go in and verify these
builds. One of them was game nights. So
we're going to add that in. Then we're
going to add data again. One of them was
RSVPs. Going to add that in. If we go
back, we had board games.
Add players in game results. Then we had
players. We're going to add that in. And
then we had game. So that makes 1 2 3 4
5. We go back and check. 1 2 3 4 5.
Perfect. So we're going to go and save
this. So it can be taken from Claude.
And then we're going to go and say
approved. Data sources have been added.
It's verifying the connections are
visible to the MCP server. And it seems
like the model driven app has been
created successfully. Now we're not
going to get into everything that it's
done, but I'm just going to open up
make.powerups.com. power apps.com to
take a look at the solution and see what
it's done from the front end perspective
rather than from the back end. We're
going to open up the board game
management. Go into the objects here and
you can see it's created me about 15
items to manage this solution. Now, all
of these tables were created through
Claude. As you saw, it's created me web
resources. And if we go into the app,
we're going to go play on Game Night HQ.
And then now you can see that this has
opened really nicely for me. So, it's
created me the generative page for the
home screen. You can see if I scroll
down, I can see recent results. If I go
into the leaderboard here, it's also
created me another generative page and I
can see who's done well and who hasn't.
If I come into these different tables,
you can see these really nice icons that
have been generated as well. The views
have been created correctly. And this is
all stuff that you've seen through the
model driven app video most likely. But
you can see very quickly I've come to a
proof of concept. And if I open one of
these up, I can see a form and things
have been taken away from it which don't
need to be here. And then we have the
correct columns that we want. Now, as a
maker, I might come into this and change
things and add columns, etc. But you can
see how quickly we've moved uh into a
proof of concept by getting all of this
built. If I come back into the solution
and look at the security roles, these
have also been developed for us. And now
we've built a full Power Platform
solution with a Power Automate flow with
a canvas app and a model driven app with
the tables necessary all within the
Claude interface. If I go into Claude
and just check on the canvas app to see
how it's going, it's planning the canvas
app currently for us before it starts
building on it. And we're going to wait
for this to finish to check what it's
created for us. Whilst it's doing that,
we're going to come back into the maker
portal, go into a cloudflow, open this
up into the details pane, and you can
see there's been automated tests run by
Claude using the Power Automate skills
to make sure that this is running before
confirming to me. And if I open up my
emails, I can see that I've been sent a
notification showing the game night that
has been created within data versse with
the status. And let's see if this works.
You know, this was always a bit of a
risk. And you can see it has taken me to
the record within the model driven app.
Now, if you're a junior developer, that
might take you a while to put together.
Might even take you a few hours if you
haven't figured out how to uh create a
link from the model driven app and send
it back into Outlook. But you can see
that's been done using claude really
nicely for me. So you can see here it's
running the planner and it has consumed
quite a lot of tokens. But I would
recommend just allowing this to run
because it's resolving on the tools that
it's thinking about using within the
canvas app. And of course canvas app
architecture is a little bit different
to regular software development. So it
needs to kind of reason on those
different areas. It's running different
agents to help us do that. But again, it
is consuming quite a lot of tokens. but
it's one of the areas that I'd highly
recommend applying nevertheless to make
sure your canvas app is created in the
right way. We can see now after the plan
has landed, it's just gone ahead and
started building the canvas app. We're
completely fine with that, but you might
want an element of approving the plan.
So in this phase, you might press stop
here and uh kind of go back and forth to
make sure the plan is working properly.
And the way that we can look at the plan
is we just click on this. We can use
read canvas plan and then we can see
this bit by bit how this works. Then I'm
just going to scroll down here and you
can see it's building the winner screen,
the rate screen, screen one, setup
screen, and it's going to go through and
make sure everything is created before
Outro
giving us the application to run. And
we've now got the final piece of the
puzzle built. You can see it's created
the scorekeeper app. And if I go into
make.powers.com,
go into my solutions here. And something
I'd like to do is just refresh the open
tab that I've got. Don't be afraid of
this. Just reload the site because it's
already published the changes. So you
don't have to worry about overriding
those changes. Just make sure you don't
save and publish again on an empty
canvas app. And perfect. Just like that.
If we open this up, you can see we have
our scorekeeper app open here. I can
select the game night which is tonight.
So Friday filler night, the game we just
played. So ticket to ride in this case.
And then I can pick the winner. So for
example, Tom won this one. I can go and
rate the game. Say this is a five. Uh it
went poorly. we can spend po poorly,
right? And then we can go and save the
result. Now, obviously, this canvas app
has its problems, right? This is going
to still take a bit of a back and forth
iteration to make sure this works well,
but we have the concrete proof of
concept over here. You can see there's
still some issues. So, for example,
screen one is still called screen one,
which shouldn't be the case, but it's
got the fundamentals down. It's
connected to the data sources. It's got
a decent UX, even though it isn't ideal.
you know, we have these filler icons
here. It's linking to the right
galleries, which is great. And then the
next step of this case would always be
to go in and validate this and iterate
with claw to make sure we are fixing
things and adapting things to align with
our use case. So that was my end to- end
process using claude code to build a
full power platform solutions
encompassing model driven apps, canvas
apps, and power automate plus building
the database tables as well. And you saw
that was all done through natural
language rather than me going in and
configuring anything. Obviously with
canvas apps, there was still a little
bit of prerec that we had to do, but I
can see this changing very quickly and
honestly isn't too much of a hassle.